DPaGiNi 84: hey man
DPaGiNi 84: i still havent gotten shit from you
XCrUsHmEx: hey
XCrUsHmEx: dude i dont know what to tell u, i sent out all the blanks i had received about 2 weeks ago
DPaGiNi 84: thats bullshit
XCrUsHmEx: no its not man, ive had shit get lost before too and its only like 5 bucks outta my pocket
XCrUsHmEx: its not the end of the world if my package got lost or if it got misplaced at my house
XCrUsHmEx: cause im tellin u i sent out the packages i had received
DPaGiNi 84: well you said you had it before
DPaGiNi 84: so either you were lying to me then, or lying to me now
XCrUsHmEx: when was it that i told u?
DPaGiNi 84: i have SOOO many emails
DPaGiNi 84: "i have the package, but i havent sent it yet cuz i dont have time becuase of baseball and stuff"
XCrUsHmEx: i didnt ask about how many emails u have, i asked when it was i told u that, i know i did but i dont know when
DPaGiNi 84: wow, you definatly dont need to get an attitude man...
XCrUsHmEx: yeah well when u play for a scout team that plays 80 games in a summer theres not much time for anythin else
DPaGiNi 84: why cant you just say you ripped me off
DPaGiNi 84: wow, im suprised you played baseball in DeCEMBER THOUGH!!!!
XCrUsHmEx: why cant u just drop it, its at the most, at the very most, 5 dollars
DPaGiNi 84: i dont care
DPaGiNi 84: its the principal
XCrUsHmEx: its arkansas bub and we travel to play tournys in florida arizona and california
XCrUsHmEx: all year
DPaGiNi 84: who the fuck cares?
XCrUsHmEx: not to mention southern arkansas
XCrUsHmEx: ur the one who asked
DPaGiNi 84: 80 games in the summer
XCrUsHmEx: so apparently u do
DPaGiNi 84: then WHY DID YOU ACCEPT THE B*P????
XCrUsHmEx: cause it was my first year to play it and i didnt know how much of a work load itd be
DPaGiNi 84: fuckin bullshit man
XCrUsHmEx: dude just let it go, if the package got lost it isnt that big of a deal, quit being such a baby about it
XCrUsHmEx: i mean i know 5 dollars is a lot of money, but im sure ull find some way to overcome the loss
DPaGiNi 84: no, really
DPaGiNi 84: its bull shit
DPaGiNi 84: you are a fucking disgrace to the Dave Matthews trading community
XCrUsHmEx: haha aww that hurts man, i dont really care because i dont trade anymore, unlike the majority of you guys i have a life and well burning cds and surfin the net all day arent my idea of a good time
DPaGiNi 84: haha
DPaGiNi 84: how the hell could you say that?
DPaGiNi 84: you dont know me
DPaGiNi 84: i trade, its my hobby
DPaGiNi 84: i dont try to be good at baseball like some people and rip others off for a few CDs
XCrUsHmEx: alright man, jsut keep tellin urself that, im sure you'll make plenty of internet buddies u can make fun of me with
DPaGiNi 84: why do you feel you need to do this?
DPaGiNi 84: fuckin ridiculous
XCrUsHmEx: your the one whos starting everything buddy, not to mention you know all of two words for the whole situation, why dont u just let it go and move on
DPaGiNi 84: how am i starting it?
DPaGiNi 84: i just want my CDs back
DPaGiNi 84: all you have to do is drop them in the mail
DPaGiNi 84: they have stamps on them
XCrUsHmEx: i dont have them
DPaGiNi 84: seal it and mail it
XCrUsHmEx: i sent out the ones i did
DPaGiNi 84: well then you should send me replacements..
XCrUsHmEx: yeah right, a million things coulda happened to em, someone could have stolen them out of your mailbox for all i know
DPaGiNi 84: but you know you stole them
DPaGiNi 84: so why not just send me replacements?
XCrUsHmEx: what benefit do i have stealing blank cdr's when my burner is fried?????
XCrUsHmEx: tell me that
XCrUsHmEx: cause id like to know
DPaGiNi 84: well why did you take the b&p then DUMBFUCK?
XCrUsHmEx: if u had read any of the emails ud know that it blew out during a storm in the spring
DPaGiNi 84: i did read the fucking emails
DPaGiNi 84: i wanted the blanks back
DPaGiNi 84: AT LEAST
XCrUsHmEx: dude do u have to use such vulgarity
DPaGiNi 84: yes i do
XCrUsHmEx: how old r u?
DPaGiNi 84: im pissed
DPaGiNi 84: does it FUCKING matter?
XCrUsHmEx: yeah it does
DPaGiNi 84: why?
XCrUsHmEx: dude forget it, if u dont have the cds by now than ur not gettin em so drop it
DPaGiNi 84: does that influence weather i get my CDs back or not?
DPaGiNi 84: haha, funny thing is i know where you live  ;-)
XCrUsHmEx: no if ud listen to anything i said ud know the answer to taht
XCrUsHmEx: haha alright, what the hell does that matter? 
DPaGiNi 84: why do you insist on doing this?
XCrUsHmEx: doing what??
XCrUsHmEx: ur the one freaking out
DPaGiNi 84: ripping me off
DPaGiNi 84: why?
XCrUsHmEx: dude forget this im just blocking u, i cant take ur incesant whining
DPaGiNi 84: how is it whining?
DPaGiNi 84: i mean, really man
DPaGiNi 84: you ripped me off and i want answers
XCrUsHmEx: hasta manana chico
DPaGiNi 84: wtf does mean?
XCrUsHmEx: good bye
XCrUsHmEx signed off at 11:03:50 PM. 
